[charts] Move item highligh feature to plugin system (#16211)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-charts-v7/migration-charts-v7.md

The `resolveSizeBeforeRender` prop has been removed from all components.
If you were using this prop, you can safely remove it.

## Replacing `useHighlighted` by `useItemHighlighted` and `useItemHighlightedGetter`

The `useHighlighted` hook that gave access to the internal highlight state has been removed.

> To know if your item is highlighted, we recommend using `useItemHighlighted` hook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To know if your item is highlighted, it is recommended to use the `useItemHighlighted` hook instead:
```
